[DOCS-1407] Improve the accessibility of link text (#1438)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/integrations/accelerate.md

Hugging Face Accelerate is a library that enables the same PyTorch code to run across any distributed configuration, to simplify model training and inference at scale.

> Accelerate includes a Weights & Biases Tracker which we show how to use below. You can also read more about **[Accelerate Trackers in their documentation](https://huggingface.co/docs/accelerate/main/en/usage_guides/tracking)**

Author: ```suggestion
Accelerate includes a Weights & Biases Tracker which we show how to use below. You can also read more about [Accelerate Trackers in Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/docs/accelerate/main/en/usage_guides/tracking)**
```
